[Music]
what $1,000,000 gets you around the
world you ever wonder what you can get
for just a bug in different places
across the globe well if you're ever
strapped for cash while traveling check
out our other video on what $1 will buy
you around the world as for today we're
gonna cover the opposite end of the
spectrum what can you get for $1,000,000
around the world oh yes
sign me up before we show you the money
how about showing us some love by
subscribing to our channel we've got
tons of fun informative and
thought-provoking videos coming out
daily on the bright side of life so be
sure to ring that bell to be notified
each time we post Wow a cool mil sure
sounds good right about now but believe
it or not having a million dollars in
your bank account doesn't technically
make you a millionaire nope to join the
Millionaire's Club your net worth has to
reach the 1 million dollar threshold net
worth is the total value of all your
household assets that is the people who
live with you as a unit and get put on
your taxes - all your household debts
and if you want to be a multimillionaire
your net worth must come out to over 10
million dollars hey I didn't make the
rules the United States with all its
rich celebrities and professionals has
the highest concentration of
millionaires in the world with about 15
million three hundred and fifty six
thousand of them yeah who knew this club
was a whole army there are also vastly
different standards of living across the
country so depending on where you are a
million dollars will get you very
different things in New York City you'd
only be able to get a 750 square foot
apartment with those funds but down the
coast in Asheville North Carolina or
Savannah Georgia this amount of money
would get you a nice country mansion
there are a lot of other pricey things
in the US raising just two kids will set
you back about a million dollars in the
long run
and some surgeries like an intestine
transplant can cost as much as 1.1
million dollars
oh I felt that one right at my guts
actually in terms of real estate you
can't get much bang for your buck with
an easily million dollars in some parts
of the world in demonaco a tiny country
off the coast of France has the most
expensive housing market on earth here 1
million dollars which equals about 860
thousand four hundred and fifteen euros
it will only get you about a hundred and
sixty two square feet of luxury property
if you want something bigger and say a
4,000 square foot luxury home then
you'll have to shell out a whopping
twenty four point eight million dollars
according to CNN money real estate can
cost as much as nine thousand per square
foot here it's so expensive that real
estate agents even show yachts along
with condos speaking of which if you're
in the market for a yacht then 1 million
dollars will get you a pretty nice used
one the grand mare Gullit built in 2004
and fully refitted in 2015 can
accommodate up to 12 guests with a
variety of cabins one VIP one master one
triple and three doubles to be precise
all this for only one million one
hundred sixty two thousand bucks it's
practically a steal yeah for
millionaires I guess now let's head
across the pond and see what you can get
in the UK about two million one hundred
and eighty nine thousand millionaires
live in the United Kingdom and having a
million US dollars gets you about seven
hundred and sixty six thousand three
hundred and sixty British pounds
ever wish you lived in a castle your
newfound wealth can now afford you that
luxury with Scotland's karbas Dale
castle sold for nine hundred thousand
pounds in 2016 which would cost you just
over 1.1 million dollars does it come
with a boat though just saying living in
a castle gives you a lot of room to
spread out we could even live in an
entire wing all by yourself if you
wanted but if that's still too close for
comfort
and you'd like to distance yourself
further from society then how about
purchasing your very own private island
lower hybrid Cay in the Bahamas might be
the perfect place for you just minutes
from Nassau and adjacent to Rose Island
lower harbour features 3000 feet of
private beach and is a total 5.12 acres
in real estate
sunset K in Belize could also be a good
option for you it's a little cheaper at
nine hundred and forty five thousand
dollars
you know what you'll probably need a
private jet to take you to your private
island don't you think it might stretch
your budget a bit though since the
cheapest one will run you 1.96 million
dollars the Cirrus Vision jet can fit up
to five adults and two children and can
reach a top speed of three hundred and
forty five miles per hour
speaking of luxury vehicles you've
probably seen a Ferrari or Maserati
speed passed you while you clocked along
in your station wagon and thought man I
wish that were me well with your million
bucks you can make that dream come true
for 1.2 million dollars you can get
yourself a brand spanking new Hennessey
Venom GT or Amazon T F entre if you
don't just want one car in your fancy
garage then you can get yourself to four
hundred and seventeen thousand dollars
Royals Royce phantoms three $300,000
Bentley Posadas or even for two hundred
and twenty five thousand dollar Mercedes
G wagons with some change to spare maybe
not as impressive as having your own
private jet but I wouldn't turn any of
these cars down but maybe you'll stick
to a private jet and use it to explore
some of the poorer parts of the world
and hopefully do some humanitarian work
Somalia is one of the most impoverished
nations in the world
but seventy-three percent of the
population living below the poverty line
Darussalam a neighborhood and Mogadishu
offers Sun luxury housing at about a
hundred and thirty thousand dollars
sounds like a great deal right
well luxury homes over there aren't the
sprawling mansions you're imagining
they're just regular two-story houses
one hundred and thirty thousand dollars
here is equivalent to over 75 million
Somali shillings which is a lot no
matter where you are in the country with
a million dollars or five hundred
seventy eight million shillings you
could buy up a whole block you can also
set up a nice farm in rural Somalia with
your hefty chunk of change most of their
money comes from exporting livestock and
bananas so if you spend say thirty
thousand dollars for seventeen million
shillings making sure you have a nice
plot of land and enough animals you'd be
able to make your million back in no
time
it's pretty hard to become a millionaire
when you've got so many monthly expenses
draining your personal finances you work
hard to get that paycheck but all of it
goes to your mortgage or rent bills
insurance different streaming service
subscriptions or student loan repayments
leaving you with pretty much zilch in
the end it's even harder to do and
crunches those low GDPs like Somalia or
the Central African Republic the gross
domestic product that a country produces
is usually a good indicator of its
internal financial stability and
countries with low GDP s typically have
proportionally low average salaries
the average annual wage in the United
States according to the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development was
sixty thousand one hundred and fifty
four dollars in 2016
laborers in the underdeveloped countries
of the world who make about $2 a day but
have to work for eighty three years to
make that much money and one thousand
three hundred seventy years to make it
two million
so no you mean might not be millionaires
but we really don't have it as bad as we
thought don't you think but still it
sure is nice to fantasize about what you
do with all your money after hitting it
big time right
so how would you spend a million dollars
is a million of your country's currency
worth enough to get you any of the
things mentioned in this video tell us
in the comments below don't forget to
like this video if you enjoyed it share
it with your friends and always remember
to stay on the bright side of life
[Music]